Tea (Anniversary) Grant Contract
SubmissionName
Dated: 2017-01-07
Overview
This artist agreement is between the artist and Luna Burn regarding the submitted proposal for
SubmissionName.
The artist, ArtistName, desires to receive grant funding to bring SubmissionName to the Luna Burn in
July 2025; Luna Burn has agreed to provide funding in the amount of RequestedFundingDollars
USD for the project as determined by the Art Grant Core.  The artist shall not make any changes to the size,
shape, and/or design of the proposed project without obtaining approval from a representative of Luna Burn's Art Core.
All parties agree to the terms presented below.  Violation of any of the following terms may result in:
1. Forfeiture of the grant provided,
2. Removal of the proposed piece from the event, and
3. Repayment of all grant funds received by the artist for the project.
Funding
1. The project SubmissionName will be completed as described in the proposal.  The project will be deemed
approved upon completion of the artist's signature on this contract.
2. Luna Burn will retain 25% of the grant funding as a performance deposit.  The first payment
(75% of the total allotted funding) will be disbursed upon receiving the signed contract; the second payment
(25% of the total funding) will be disbursed upon completion of Luna Burn 2025.
3. The artist agrees that this grant of RequestedFundingDollars USD shall represent the total sum they will
receive from Luna Burn and the artist hereby agrees to assume responsibility for any additional
costs beyond the the grant amount incurred in the production of SubmissionName for Luna Burn
2025.
4. The artist agrees to pay appropriate taxes on grant income if necessary.  For artists in the United States
receiving grants valuing at or above 600$ USD, the artist will supply a completed IRS Form W-9 so that
Luna Burn can generate a 1099 tax form to properly report this tax.  All artists are solely
responsible for complying with the tax laws of their locale.
Events
5. The artist agrees to meet the following schedule of events, under the given schedule:
Project Installation (Friday, July 3, 2026)
The funded project will be completed and fully operational by sunset on Friday, July 3, 2026.  If the
artist would like to arrive at Luna Burn before its official start date, the artist must apply for Early
Arrival and comply with all Early Arrival policies.
6. Transportation to and from Luna Burn will be offered by Luna Burn.  If the artist
accepts this offer of transportation, the artist is expected to comply with all Art Truck policies and procedures.
7. The artist agrees to furnish Luna Burn with documentation of the project, including one or
more of the following: video files, audio recordings, and/or photographs of reasonable quality, in an accepted
digital format.  'Reasonable quality' is to be determined by Luna Burn exclusively.  The artist
hereby grants Luna Burn a non-revokable, non-transferable license to use these materials for
promotional and informational purposes.
Liability
8. The artist agrees to assume all responsibility for public safety as it pertains to the project at the Luna Burn
Arts Festival, and the artist agrees to observe all safety measures Luna Burn may require.  The
artist hereby releases, indemnifies, and holds harmless Luna Burn, its agents, and its associates
from any claims and/or liability against Luna Burn, actual or threatened, occuring on behalf of the
artist and/or any third party resulting from exposure to the project.
9. The artist agrees not to hold Luna Burn responsible for injury and/or damage to the project
caused by the negligent acts of third parties.  The artist further agrees that Luna Burn, its agents,
and its associates may not be held responsible for any damage to, nor destruction of, the project, and the artist
hereby waives any such claims.
The artist hereby acknowledges that they have reviewed, understand, and agree to the terms set forth in this
agreement.
Artist
Project Title
Luna Burn Representative